OVERRIDING 

The argument list should be exactly the same as that of the overridden method.

The return type should be the same or a subtype of the return type declared in the 
	original overridden method in the superclass.

The access level cannot be more restrictive than the overridden method's access level. 
	For example: If the superclass method is declared public then the overridding method in the sub class 
	cannot be either private or protected.

Instance methods can be overridden only if they are inherited by the subclass.

A method declared final cannot be overridden.

A method declared static cannot be overridden but can be re-declared.

If a method cannot be inherited, then it cannot be overridden.

A subclass within the same package as the instance's superclass can override 
  any superclass method that is not declared private or final.

 A subclass in a different package can only override the non-final methods declared public or protected.

 An overriding method can throw any uncheck exceptions, regardless of whether the overridden method throws 
  exceptions or not. However, the overriding method should not throw checked exceptions that are new or 
   broader than the ones declared by the overridden method. The overriding method can throw narrower or 
    fewer exceptions than the overridden method.

Constructors cannot be overridden.

______________________

If a class has multiple methods having same name but different in parameters, it is known as Method Overloading.

If we have to perform only one operation, having same name of the methods increases the readability of the program.

Suppose you have to perform addition of the given numbers but there can be any number of arguments, if you write the 
method such as a(int,int) for two parameters, and b(int,int,int) for three parameters then it may be difficult for you as well as 
other programmers to understand the behavior of the method because its name differs.

So, we perform method overloading to figure out the program quickly.

Different ways to overload the method
By changing the no. of arguments
By changing the datatype
Why method overloading is not possible by changing the return type
Can we overload the main method
method overloading with Type Promotion