State True or false 

   1. To compile  a java program the command is javac HelloWorld.java 
   2. To run  a java program the command is java HelloWorld.class
   3. Java uses garbage collection to clear the not used memory
   4. You can force garbage collection by calling system.gc()
   5. Java api package which can be used without import is java.lang
   6. The class java.lang.object is normal class of java api
   7. The scanner class can be  part of java.lang package 
   8. A class contains many different things in it 
   9. The class name and the file name can be different in java 
   10. You can run a java class  which does not have  method "public static void main" method 
   
   
  
  
  
  1.Main difference is methods of a Java interface are implicitly abstract and cannot have implementations.
  A Java abstract class can have instance methods that implements a default behavior. 
  2.Variables declared in a Java interface is by default final. An abstract class may contain non-final variables.
  
There are two types of modifiers in java: access modifiers and non-access modifiers.
The access modifiers in java specifies accessibility (scope) of a data member, method, constructor or class.
There are 4 types of java access modifiers:
private
default
protected
public
There are many non-access modifiers such as static, abstract, synchronized, native, volatile, transient etc. 

  1) private access modifier
    The private access modifier is accessible only within class.
 2) default access modifier
  If you don't use any modifier, it is treated as default bydefault. The default modifier is accessible only within package.
  3) protected 
  The protected access modifier is accessible within package and outside the package but through inheritance only.
  4) public 
  The public access modifier is accessible everywhere. It has the widest scope among all other modifiers.
 
javac -cp c:\project\mit\day2\access\pack\pack1;.; pack2\B.java
C:\projects\mit\day2\access\pack>java -cp c:\project\mit\day2\access\pack\pack1;.; pack2.B
Hello